Split Java Access Bridge calls to fix NVDA crashes when selecting whole text in specific source files in Android studio (#17604)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### Bug Fixes

> * NVDA will no longer crash when selecting whole text in specific source files in Android Studio or IntelliJ Idea. (#17418, @thgcode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NVDA will no longer crash when selecting all text in certain source files in Android Studio or IntelliJ Idea. (#17418, @thgcode)
```
